docs: document the @lavamoat/harden package (#75)
LavaMoat/lavamoat.github.io: src/content/docs/guides/getting-started.md

## How to secure your app against supply-chain attacks

1. Harden your project's configuration with [@lavamoat/harden][lavamoat-harden]

>    1.a. Or control dependency lifecycle scripts (eg. "postinstall") via [@lavamoat/allow-scripts][lavamoat-allowscripts]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The lavamoat-harden doc already points users to allow-scripts, so I think we can omit it here.

Author: I wanted to surface it on the main getting-started page so that if people come from older resources mentioning it, they know what is the item that supersedes it.

2. Run your server or build process in [lavamoat-node][lavamoat-node]
3. Build your ui with our [Webpack5 plugin][lavamoat-webpack] or use LavaMoat for [Browserify][lavamoat-browserify]

:::tip

> On modern versions of `npm`, `yarn`, or `pnpm`, [`@lavamoat/harden`][lavamoat-harden] is the preferred entry point and supersedes reaching for `@lavamoat/allow-scripts` directly - it covers lifecycle scripts alongside other supply-chain hardening settings. Just doing step 1 is a great improvement to your supply chain security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On modern versions of `npm`, `yarn`, or `pnpm`, [`@lavamoat/harden`][lavamoat-harden] is the preferred entry point and replaces `@lavamoat/allow-scripts`. `@lavamoat/harden` covers lifecycle scripts alongside other supply-chain hardening settings. Just doing the first step is a great improvement to your supply chain security.
```
